# UPDATE LOG v2.9.9 - AUGUST 2024

---

## MODEL

### Administration Computer

The previous administration computer design was not bullet-proof enough to protect admin accounts.
The model has been reviewed to enhance the security model and give more flexibility to IT team.

### Reboot systems

To ensure a proper deployment of the model in your networks, be advised that a reboot of **all systems** is required. Some parameters may not be properly set until then.

### OU Design

New OU model design has been set:  
```PS  
+--[_ADMINISTRATION]  
|  +--[Tier 0]  
|  |  +--[Computers]  
|  |  +--[Groups]  
|  |  |  +--[Deleg]  
|  |  |  +--[LocalAdmins]  
|  |  |  +--[GPO]  
|  |  |  |  +--[Apply]  
|  |  |  |  +--[Deny]  
|  |  |  +--[PAM]  
|  |  |  +--[RemoteDesktopUsers]  
|  |  +--[Users]  
|  +--[Tier 1]  
|  |  +--[Computers]  
|  |  +--[Groups]  
|  |  |  +--[Deleg]  
|  |  |  +--[LocalAdmins]  
|  |  |  +--[GPO]  
|  |  |  |  +--[Apply]  
|  |  |  |  +--[Deny]  
|  |  |  +--[RemoteDesktopUsers]  
|  |  +--[Users]  
|  +--[Tier 1 Legacy]  
|  |  +--[Computers]  
|  |  +--[Groups]  
|  |  |  +--[Deleg]  
|  |  |  +--[LocalAdmins]  
|  |  |  +--[RemoteDesktopUsers]  
|  |  +--[Users]  
|  +--[Tier 2]  
|  |  +--[Computers]  
|  |  +--[Groups]  
|  |  |  +--[Deleg]  
|  |  |  +--[LocalAdmins]  
|  |  |  +--[GPO]  
|  |  |  |  +--[Apply]  
|  |  |  |  +--[Deny]  
|  |  |  +--[RemoteDesktopUsers]  
|  |  +--[Users]  
|  +--[Tier 2 Legacy]  
|  |  +--[Computers]  
|  |  +--[Groups]  
|  |  |  +--[Deleg]  
|  |  |  +--[LocalAdmins]  
|  |  |  +--[RemoteDesktopUsers]  
|  |  +--[Users]  
|  
+--[Harden_T0]  
|  +--[Groups]  
|  +--[Servers]  
|  |  +--[Disabled]  
|  +--[Services]  
|  |  +--[Disabled]  
|  +--[Users]  
|  |  +--[Disabled]  
|  +--[Workstations]  
|  |  +--[Disabled]  
|  
+--[Harden_T0]  
|  +--[Groups]  
|  +--[Servers]  
|  |  +--[Disabled]  
|  +--[Services]  
|  |  +--[Disabled]  
|  +--[Users]  
|  |  +--[Disabled]  
|  +--[Workstations]  
|  |  +--[Disabled]  
|  
+--[Harden_T12]  
|  +--[Exchange]
|  |  +--[Contacts]  
|  |  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
|  |  +--[Distribution Lists]  
|  |  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
|  |  +--[Resources]  
|  |  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
|  |  +--[Shared Mailboxes]  
|  |  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
|  +--[Groups]  
|  |  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
|  +--[Provisioning]  
|  |  |  +--[Users]  
|  |  |  +--[Computers]  
|  +--[Servers]  
|  |  +--[Disabled]  
|  +--[Services]  
|  |  +--[Disabled]  
|  +--[Users]  
|  |  +--[Disabled]  
|  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
|  +--[Workstations]  
|  |  +--[Disabled]  
|  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
|  
+--[Harden_Legacy]  
    +--[Groups]  
    +--[Servers]  
    |  +--[Disabled]  
    +--[Services]  
    |  +--[Disabled]  
    +--[Users]  
    |  +--[Disabled]  
    +--[Workstations]  
    |  +--[Disabled]  
```

---

## SCRIPTS

### HardenAD.ps1

Fixed issue with keypress when confirming the domain information at the begining.
Fixed nasty display when confirming domain information.

### Set-PowerShellEvtLogSDDL.ps1

New script added to the NETLOGON share and used by the GPO HAD-PowerShell-Logs to enforce the ACL on the PowerShell Event log.
The script is stored on each system in *%ProgramData%\HardenAD\Set-PowershellEvtLogSDDL*.
The execution log is stored in *%ProgramData%\HardenAD\Logs\Debug_Set-PowershellEvtLogSDDL.log*.
See details in this note on GPO-PowerShell-Logs for knowledge about the way this script is used.

Please be advise that the script perform a check next to the SDDL push over the registry: this test will always failed until the system is rebooted.

## Clear-AdminCount.ps1

New script to hunt for rogue adminCount objects and clear them peacefully.
The script is deployed onto the PDCEmulator and run every sunday at 08AM.

Its purpose is to detect object that have the attribute adminCount not nulled and not being members of one of the protected groups.
Once detected, the object will be sanitized:

- the attribute AdminCount is nulled
- the owner is replaced by the Domain Admins group
- the ntSecurityDescriptor.ACCESS is flushed and replaced by the one from the class object.

All actions are trapped in two locations:

- In the event log Application, through the source *HardenAD_Clear-AdminCount*, where the event ID 65535 notify for a faulty sanitization (error) and the event ID 1024 notify for a successfull sanitization.
- In the file *%programData%/HardenAD/Logs/Debug_Clear-AdminCount.log*, which is complementary to the event log.

Both contains details about the object being modify, specifically its previous ACLs and Owner.

## Clear-ProtectedGroups.ps1

Rewritten script that hunt for rogue account present in protected groups. The script use a xml confiuration file to identify Protected groups and members.
the script and the configuration file are present in %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Clear-ProtectedGroup. Both files are self explained, please take time to review them.

Default behavior:

- The script clear only the groups SchemaAdmins, L-S-Tx, L-S-Tx-LocalAdmins-xxx, L-S-Tx-laps-xxx and L-S-Tx-DELEG-Computer-DomainJoin.
- The script collect all actions to %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Logs\Debug_Clear-ProtectedGroups.log
- The script raise an information event in Application (souce HardenAD_Clear-ProtectedGroups) when an account is removed from a group (normal activity, event ID is 0)
- The script raise a warning event in Application (souce HardenAD_Clear-ProtectedGroups) when an account exists in AD and is not member of the group, as expected (security risk identifies as low, event id 1024)
- The script raise an error event in application (souce HardenAD_Clear-ProtectedGroups) when an account does not exists in AD and is part of the xml configuration file (seurity risk identified as high, event id 2048)

A Custom View is added to the PDC to quickly check script actions.

---

## CONFIG

### Configuration_HardenAD.xml

Updated to reflect new files and folders hierarchy in the preflight check list.
The file is now present ni %ProgramData\HardenAD\Configuration on systems needing it (imported through GPO).

### TasksSequence_HardenAD.xml

Updated to empower the use of dynamic naming. The process is still on-going, it mays still needs some human interraction.
The file is now present ni %ProgramData\HardenAD\Configuration on systems needing it (imported through GPO).

#### 1. Settings | OrganizationalUnits  
  
All static OU name have been swapped with their corresponding dynamic name.

##### 1.A. Class HardenAD_ADMIN

The OU skeleton has been updated to a new schema. GPO and PAM folders are now separated from Tier ones.  
**Users** and **Groups** OU are now beneath the according *Tier* OU.

##### 1.B. Class HardenAD_PROD-T1and2

A new OU, named **Exchange**, has been added to manage Exchange.  
The **provisioning** OU is now part of this class, and no more in a distinct OU.  
The logic behind the synchronization with EntraID has been modified. By default, the following OU will be considerd as syncing to EntraID:

- Exchange  
- Groups  
- Users  
- Workstations  
  
Whenever an object should not be synced with Entra, the OU *DoNotSync* will be set to not sync them.  
  
#### 2. Settings | Translation | WellKnownID

There is no more needs to manually adapt the regional language to group variables, the script will translate them.
Many new variables are now free to use in translation; see the annexe file *annexe-DynamicVariableList.md* for a complete list.  
  
##### 3. Settings | GroupPolicies | GlobalGpoSettings
  
The section has been simplified to only 2 attributes:  

- **GroupName**: The Group Object name reference. It uses the *translation* and *GPO* sections to compute the group name.  
- **OU**: path to the OU were GPO Groups Apply and Deny should be stored. The script will use *%OU-ADM-GPO-APPLY%* and *%OU-ADM-GPO-DENY%* to complete the path.  

---

## MODULES

The modules are now formated in a more conventional manner, making them compliant with the microsoft standards. The functions within modules has been recopied to the new module hierarchy.  

All modules now contains a default behavior that stop executing when an error is met.

### module-hadInternals

Contains functions related to the script hardenad.ps1 ; mostly not relevant for any other scripts.  

- Get-PingCastle
- New-LogEntry
- Set-Translation
- Write-DebugMessage
- Rename-ThroughTranslation  
- Set-GpttmplSID
- Set-hADcolorSchema
  
### module-fileHandling  

Contains functions related to file manipulation (xml, json, ...).  

- Convert-GpoPreferencesXml  
- Convert-MigrationTable  
- Format-XMLData  
- Format-XMLFile  
- Import-Ini  
- Set-LapsScripts  
- Set-LocAdmTaskScripts
  
### module-activeDirectory  

Contains functions related to Active Directory objects.  

- Add-GroupsOverDomain  
- Add-ManagerToEA  
- Add-SourceToDestGrps  
- Get-GroupNameFromSID  
- Import-WmiFilters  
- Install-LAPS  
- New-ADDExtendedRightMap  
- New-ADDGuidMap  
- New-AdministrationAccounts  
- New-AdministrationGroups  
- New-GpoObject  
- New-M365OrganizationalUnits  
- Push-DelegationModel  
- Reset-GroupMembership  
- Set-ADFunctionalLevel  
- Set-ADRecycleBin  
- Set-DefaultObjectLocation  
- Set-HardenACL  
- Set-HardenSDDL  
- Set-LapsPermissions  
- Set-msDSMachineAccountQuota  
- Set-SiteLinkNotify  
- Set-TreeOU

### module-systemInternals  

Contains functions related to Windows Server.  

- New-ScheduleTasks  
- Set-GpoCentralStore  
- Set-TSLocalAdminGroups
- Set-PowerShellEvtLogSDDL  
  
---

## FUNCTIONS  

### Function New-GpoObject  

Updated to version 2.3, the function is now able to dynamically position a GPO' group to the proper OU (ex. "ou=Deny,ou=GPO" when this is a deny group).  
It also dynamically adapt the DENY and APPLY group to the OU name set in the Translation section.

### Function Set-ADFunctionalLevel

Updated to version 2.0, the function is now ready for compatibility with the Windows Server 2025 functional level.

### Function Install-LAPS  

The function now return "CANCEL!" as result status if the user is not Schema Admins or the DC is not the Schema owner; the log gives the cancelation reason in main log file (HardenAD_Results.log). Example:  
`2024/07/26 13:44:29 [INFO] NEW TASK: Update Ad schema for LAPS and deploy PShell tools`  
`2024/07/26 13:44:29 [DBUG] --- ----: Calling function Install-Laps with parameters ForceDcIsSchemaOwner`  
`2024/07/26 13:44:30 [DBUG] --- ----: function's ended`  
`2024/07/26 13:44:30 [DBUG] --- ----: TaskID     = 134`  
`2024/07/26 13:44:30 [DBUG] --- ----: TaskName   = Update Ad schema for LAPS and deploy PShell tools`  
`2024/07/26 13:44:30 [DBUG] --- ----: TaskResult = cancel!`  
`2024/07/26 13:44:30 [DBUG] --- ----: Message    = The user is not a Schema Admins`  
  
### Function Set-DefaultObjectLocation  

The function now handles dynamic variable interpretation for the OU path. The sequence *070* and *071* are updated to reflect this change in the file *tasksSequence_HardenAD.xml*.
  
### Function Set-TreeOU  

The function has been rewritten to manage dynamic naming. Through this new code, it will be possible to name the target OU in the translate section directly.  
this release has replaced the static name per its corresponding dynamic name.  

### Function Rename-ThroughTranslation  

A new function that allow to request a string translation through the **translation** section in *TasksSequence_hardenAD.xml*. This function is also able to translate dynamic reference in the TranslateTo parameter.
  
### Function Set-GpttmplSID  

A new function which will modify a gptTmp.inf file, hunting for specific SID to replace with the new ones from the target domain. This first release use a static array as referal, included in the function and a call to the **translation** contents to retrieve the new SID.

### Function Set-hADColorSchema

A new function to load the HardenAD color Schema through variable, using ANSI notation and code. See its description field within the help section.

### Function Set-NetLogonContent

Copy the content of ./Inputs/NetLogon to /windir/sysvol/domain/policy/scripts/HAD.
Allow to update netlogon with necessary scripts or files that can be then called back by a GPO with no need of reboot (startup script).

### Function Set-ADrecycleBin

Function updated to handle error output and not displaying any unwanted screen message.

### Function  New-AdministrationGroups

The log output has been enhanced to ease the troubleshooting. The function also now deal member per member, to let know which addiction failed.

### Function  New-AdministrationAccounts

The function now offers the ability to set the keepass database password.

### Function Set-hADconfigurationFiles

A new function that will place to \\domain\sysvol\domain.dns\HardenAD\Configuration any reference files for later uses (such as scheduling).

---

## WMI FILTERS

### Windows-11-and-Windows-2022

A new WMI filter to target only 10.0.2% Operating Systems.

---

## GPO

### HAD-TS-Reset-computer-sddl

The GPO has been updated with a new schedule: every day at 9:53 PM, the script *reconcile-ComputerSDD.ps1* is run.  

The script **reconcile-ComputerSDDL.ps1** will query for computer with a wrong owner (i.e. not Domain Admins) and not part of the *exceptions.csv* file.
The script is present in the folder %WinDir%\HardenAD\ScheduledTasks\Reconcile-ComputerSDDL. The folder contains the script and a csv file.  
If an object computer must be set with a different owner and not modified by the schedule, you need to add the samAccountName of this computer to the **exception.csv** file.  

### HAD-SMB1-Disabled

The GPO has been update with the preference section to push the appropriate registry key when disabling SMB1. This was a requierment to comply with Tenable.AD SMB1 IoE checking.

### HAD-TLS-1_3-Enabled

A new GPO to enable TLS 1.3 on windows 11 and Windows Server 2022.

### HAD-TLS-1_3-Disabled

A new GPO to disable TLS 1.3 on windows 11 and Windows Server 2022.

### HAD-Autoplay-Disabled

A new GPO to setup and disable everything that automatically run on plug (dvd, usb, ...)

### HAD-CredentialManager-Disabled

A new GPO to avoid caching creds in the Windows Cred Manager. Dedicated to PAM.

### HAD-LocalAdmin-PAM-T0

A new GPO to set the local administrator group applied on Tier 0 PAM.

### HAD-LocalAdmin-PAM-T1

A new GPO to set the local administrator group applied on Tier 1 PAM.

### HAD-LocalAdmin-PAM-T1L

A new GPO to set the local administrator group applied on Tier 1 Legacy PAM.

### HAD-LocalAdmin-PAM-T2

A new GPO to set the local administrator group applied on Tier 2 PAM.

### HAD-LocalAdmin-PAM-T2L

A new GPO to set the local administrator group applied on Tier 2 Legacy PAM.

### HAD-LoginRestrictions-PAM-T0

A new GPO to restrict login on Tier 0 PAM to L-S-T0-PAM.

### HAD-LoginRestrictions-PAM-T1

A new GPO to restrict login on Tier 1 PAM to L-S-T1-PAM.

### HAD-LoginRestrictions-PAM-T1L

A new GPO to restrict login on Tier 1 Legacy PAM to L-S-T1L-PAM.

### HAD-LoginRestrictions-PAM-T2

A new GPO to restrict login on Tier 2 PAM to L-S-T2-PAM.

### HAD-LoginRestrictions-PAM-T2L

A new GPO to restrict login on Tier 2 Legacy PAM to L-S-T2L-PAM.

### HAD-LOCAL-ACCOUNTS-CONFIG

The GPO has been updated to enforce the lockout of the builtin administrator of a system when too much network attempt failed (mainly RDP brute-force guessing).

### HAD-PowerShell-Logs

The GPO has been completely rebuild. The scope now concern both user and computer settings, the previous startup scripts has been removed and the function to enforce the ACL on the event log been rewriten.
We also have remove the transcript files generation, as it is not possible to protect them efficently and could contains dangerous information.

The GPO will provide each system with two schedule tasks:

1. **Import HAD Scripts**: run once and imediatly, the task copies the script from the NetLogon share to %ProgramData/HardenAD. Once executed, the tasks is deleted.
2. **Setup PoSh Event log Security**: this task will be run at the end of the execution of the task "Import HAD Scripts". It then start the script that enforce security permissions on *Microsoft-Windows-PowerShell/Operational* by copying the ones of Security Event Log. A reboot is required to finalize the process.

The GPO also enforce the transcript for module and script block at system and user side.

### HAD-TS-AdminSDholder-Check

A new GPO that deploy a schedule on the PDC to hunt for rogue AdminCount objects and sanitize them every sunday at 8AM (default behavior: trigger disabled)
The GPO uses the script "Clear-AdminCount.ps1" located in %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Clear-AdminCount (refers to it for details). The deployment process is:

1. Create folder %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Clear-AdminCount
2. Create folder %ProgramData%\Microsoft\Event Viewer\Views\Harden AD
3. Copy *Clear-AdminCount.ps1* from \\domain\netlogon\HAD\Clear-Admincount to %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Clear-AdminCount
4. Copy *View_Clear-AdminCount.xml* from \\domain\netlogon\HAD\Clear-Admincount to %ProgramData%\Microsoft\Event Viewer\Views\Harden AD
5. Create a scheduled task *HardenAD\clear Rogue AdminCount Object* and set it up to run every sunday at 8am (trigger is disabled by default)

Note: be advised that the script will create the folder *Logs* if this one is not present in %ProgramData%\HardenAD.

The trigger is disabled by default to avoid issue in production. Prior to automatically run this task, you must review every object with an AdminCount not null and ensure that the cleareance of the owner and the security access rules will not break application or services in your production. To identify which objects will be cleared out, run the below command:

```POWERSHELL  
$accountsList = Get-ADObject -filter 'AdminCount -eq 1 -and isCriticalsystemObject -notlike "*"' -properties *  
$adminGroupList = get-adgroup  -filter 'admincount -eq 1 -and iscriticalsystemobject -like "*"' | Select-Object -ExpandProperty distinguishedName  
$result = @()  
$accountsList | % {  
    $isMbrOf = Get-AdGroup -Filter { member -recursiveMatch $_.DistinguishedName }  
    $isAdmin = $false  
    foreach ($grp in $isMbrOf) {  
        if ($adminGroupList.contains($grp.distinguishedName)) {  
            $isAdmin = $true  
        }  
    }  
    if (-not($isAdmin)) {  
        $result += $_  
    }  
}  
$Result | FT sAMAccountName,Name,DistinguishedName  
```

### HAD-TS-Local-Admins-Groups

The GPO has been completly refreshed. the new design no more require a reboot to enable the scripts and the sequence to update some files prior to add the GPO have been removed.
The new process is:

1. Enable Advanced Audit Logs (Audit Computer Account Management, Audit Directory Service Access and Audit Directory Service Changes)
2. Create folder %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Set-LocalAdminGroups
3. Create folder %ProgramData%\Microsoft\Event Viewer\Views\Harden AD
4. Create folder %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Logs
5. Create folder %ProgramData%\HardenAD\HardenAD\Configuration
6. Copy all files from \\domain\sysvol\domain\HardenAD\Configuration to %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Configuration
7. Copy all files from \\domain\netlogon\HAD\Set-LocalAdminGroups to %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Set-LocalAdminGroups
8. Copy *View_Clear-LocalAdminGroups.xml* from \\domain\netlogon\HAD\Set-LocalAdminGroups to %ProgramData%\Microsoft\Event Viewer\Views\Harden AD
9. Copy *View_Set-LocalAdminGroups.xml* from \\domain\netlogon\HAD\Set-LocalAdminGroups to %ProgramData%\Microsoft\Event Viewer\Views\Harden AD
10. Create scheduled task *Harden AD\Local Admin Groups - Clear* and set it up to run every hour
11. Create scheduled task *Harden AD\Local Admin Groups - Fix* and set it up to run at 6am and 8pm.
12. Create scheduled task *Harden AD\Local Admin Groups - Set* and set it up to run on event detection (modify, create or delete a computer object)

The *Clear* process will hunt to orphaned groups (i.e. belonging computer object not existing).
The *Fix* process will hunt to orphaned computers (i.e. belonging group object is not existing).
The *Set* proccss will hunt to computer object activity on AD.

### HAD-TS-Clear-Protected-Groups (previously HAD-TS-PDC-Flush-Admin-Groups)

The GPO has been completely reviewed and renamed accordingly. The main purpose remains to ungrant accounts from supervised group every day, to avoid "forgotten permission" that is kept for almost ever.
The new process is:

1. Create folder %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Set-Clear-ProtectedGroups
2. Create folder %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Logs
3. Create folder %ProgramData%\HardenAD\HardenAD\Configuration
4. Create folder %ProgramData%\Microsoft\Event Viewer\Views\Harden AD
5. Copy file *Clear-ProtectedGroups.ps1* from \\domain\netlogon\HAD\clear-ProtectecGroups to %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Clear-ProtectedGroups
6. Copy file *configuration.xml* from \\domain\netlogon\HAD\clear-ProtectecGroups to %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Clear-ProtectedGroups
7. Copy file *View_Clear-ProtectedGroups.xml* from \\domain\netlogon\HAD\clear-ProtectecGroups to %ProgramData%\Microsoft\Event Viewer\Views
8. Copy file *TasksSequence_HardenAD.xml* from \\domain\netlogon\HAD\Configuration to %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Configuration
9. Create scheduled tasks *Harden AD\Protected Groups = clear" and set it up to run every day at 11pm.

To learn more about the script functionality, please refer to section **SCRIPTS** in this document.

### HAD-TS-Remote-Desktop-Users

A new GPO to handle delegation right upon servers/computers through the local Remote Desktop Users group.
As for the Local Admins rights, the local SAM group is filled up with a tailored AD group matching the computer name (L-S-RemoteDesktopUsers-%Computername%) - the group is localized within the Administration OU to protect him.
The integration process is:

1. Enable Advanced Audit Logs (Audit Computer Account Management, Audit Directory Service Access and Audit Directory Service Changes)
2. Create folder %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Set-RemoteDesktopUsers
3. Create folder %ProgramData%\Microsoft\Event Viewer\Views\Harden AD
4. Create folder %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Logs
5. Create folder %ProgramData%\HardenAD\HardenAD\Configuration
6. Copy all files from \\domain\sysvol\domain\HardenAD\Configuration to %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Configuration
7. Copy all files from \\domain\netlogon\HAD\Set-RemoteDesktopUsers to %ProgramData%\HardenAD\Set-RemoteDesktopUsers
8. Copy *View_Clear-RemoteDesktopUsers.xml* from \\domain\netlogon\HAD\Set-RemoteDesktopUsers to %ProgramData%\Microsoft\Event Viewer\Views\Harden AD
9. Copy *View_Set-RemoteDesktopUsers.xml* from \\domain\netlogon\HAD\Set-RemoteDesktopUsers to %ProgramData%\Microsoft\Event Viewer\Views\Harden AD
10. Create scheduled task *Harden AD\Remote Desktop Users - Clear* and set it up to run every hour
11. Create scheduled task *Harden AD\Remote Desktop Users - Fix* and set it up to run at 6am and 8pm.
12. Create scheduled task *Harden AD\Remote Desktop Users - Set* and set it up to run on event detection (modify, create or delete a computer object)

The *Clear* process will hunt to orphaned groups (i.e. belonging computer object not existing).
The *Fix* process will hunt to orphaned computers (i.e. belonging group object is not existing).
The *Set* proccss will hunt to computer object activity on AD.

---

## FOLDER

### Tools  

The tools folder is now emphased with 3 new sub-folders:  

- **Scripts Fix** contains routines to quickly resolve issue or bugs prior to a quick fix edition.  
- **Scripts Import** contains routines to quickly import custom data to the configuration files.  
- **Scripts Manage** contains routines to perform maintenance tasks.  
  
The existing scripts has been moved to this new structure, or simply removed. The *KeePass-2.48.1* and *invoke-HardenADGui* folders remains in place.

### Inputs

#### NetLogon

This is a new folders used by the script to copy data to the NetLogon share (\\Domain.Full.Name\NetLogon\HAD).
Please refer to function *set-NetLogonContent* for details.

### Documentation  

This is a new folder intended to add script documentation (markdownb formated). Contains release notes and official documentation (as this one):  

#### Annexes

- Annexe-DynamicVariableList.md: contains list of variable that can be called through the translation table (i.e. using %variable%). Writting in progress (description part).  
- Annexe-Tools.md: contains tools list and usage description.  
  
#### Release Update Logs

- v2.9.9.md: this file.  
