# UPDATE LOG v2.9.9 - AUGUST 2024

## MODEL: OU Design

New OU model design has been set:  

```PS
 +--[_ADMINISTRATION]  
 |  +--[GPO]  
 |  |  +--[Apply]  
 |  |  +--[Deny]  
 |  +--[PAW]  
 |  |  +--[Groups]  
 |  |  +--[Stations]  
 |  |  |  +--[Access]  
 |  |  |  +--[Tier 0]  
 |  |  |  +--[Tier 12L]  
 |  |  +--[Users]  
 |  +--[Tier 0]  
 |  |  +--[Groups]  
 |  |  |  +--[Deleg]  
 |  |  |  +--[LocalAdmins]  
 |  |  +--[Users]  
 |  +--[Tier 1]  
 |  |  +--[Groups]  
 |  |  |  +--[Deleg]  
 |  |  |  +--[LocalAdmins]  
 |  |  +--[Users]  
 |  +--[Tier 1 Legacy]  
 |  |  +--[Groups]  
 |  |  |  +--[Deleg]  
 |  |  |  +--[LocalAdmins]  
 |  |  +--[Users]  
 |  +--[Tier 2]  
 |  |  +--[Groups]  
 |  |  |  +--[Deleg]  
 |  |  |  +--[LocalAdmins]  
 |  |  +--[Users]  
 |  +--[Tier 2 Legacy]  
 |  |  +--[Groups]  
 |  |  |  +--[Deleg]  
 |  |  |  +--[LocalAdmins]  
 |  |  +--[Users]  
 |  
 +--[Harden_T0]  
 |  +--[Groups]  
 |  +--[Servers]  
 |  |  +--[Disabled]  
 |  +--[Services]  
 |  |  +--[Disabled]  
 |  +--[Users]  
 |  |  +--[Disabled]  
 |  +--[Workstations]  
 |  |  +--[Disabled]  
 |  
 +--[Harden_T0]  
 |  +--[Groups]  
 |  +--[Servers]  
 |  |  +--[Disabled]  
 |  +--[Services]  
 |  |  +--[Disabled]  
 |  +--[Users]  
 |  |  +--[Disabled]  
 |  +--[Workstations]  
 |  |  +--[Disabled]  
 |  
 +--[Harden_T12]  
 |  +--[Exchange]
 |  |  +--[Contacts]  
 |  |  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
 |  |  +--[Distribution Lists]  
 |  |  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
 |  |  +--[Resources]  
 |  |  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
 |  |  +--[Shared Mailboxes]  
 |  |  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
 |  +--[Groups]  
 |  |  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
 |  +--[Provisioning]  
 |  |  |  +--[Users]  
 |  |  |  +--[Computers]  
 |  +--[Servers]  
 |  |  +--[Disabled]  
 |  +--[Services]  
 |  |  +--[Disabled]  
 |  +--[Users]  
 |  |  +--[Disabled]  
 |  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
 |  +--[Workstations]  
 |  |  +--[Disabled]  
 |  |  +--[DoNotSync]  
 |  
 +--[Harden_Legacy]  
    +--[Groups]  
    +--[Servers]  
    |  +--[Disabled]  
    +--[Services]  
    |  +--[Disabled]  
    +--[Users]  
    |  +--[Disabled]  
    +--[Workstations]  
    |  +--[Disabled]  
```
  
## SCRIPT: HardenAD.ps1

Fixed issue with keypress when confirming the domain information at the begining.
Fixed nasty display when confirming domain information.

## CONFIG: TasksSequence_HardenAD.xml

### Settings/OrganizationalUnits

All static OU name have been swapped with their corresponding dynamic name.  
  
#### Class *HardenAD_ADMIN*

The OU skeleton has been updated to a new schema. GPO and PAW folders are now separated from Tier ones.  
**Users** and **Groups** OU are now beneath the according *Tier* OU.
  
#### Class *HardenAD_PROD-T1and2*

A new OU, named **Exchange**, has been added to manage Exchange.  
The **provisioning** OU is now part of this class, and no more in a distinct OU.  
The logic behind the synchronization with EntraID has been modified. By default, the following OU will be considerd as syncing to EntraID:
> Exchange  
> Groups  
> Users  
> Workstations  
  
Whenever an object should not be synced with Entra, the OU *DoNotSync* will be set to not sync them.  
  
### Settings/Translation/WellKnownID

**Authenticated Users** and **Remote Desktop Users** are now part of the translated section (EN-US versus FR-FR).  
Many new variables are now free to use in translation; see the annexe file *annexe-DynamicVariableList.md* for a complete list.  
  
### Settings/GroupPolicies/GlobalGpoSettings
  
The section has been simplified to only 2 attributes:  

- **GroupName**: The Group Object name reference. It uses the *translation* and *GPO* sections to compute the group name.  
- **OU**: path to the OU were GPO Groups Apply and Deny should be stored. The script will use *%OU-ADM-GPO-APPLY%* and *%OU-ADM-GPO-DENY%* to complete the path.  

## **MODULES**

The modules are now formated in a more conventional manner, making them compliant with the microsoft standards. The functions within modules has been recopied to the new module hierarchy.  
  
### module-hadInternals

Contains functions related to the script hardenad.ps1 ; mostly not relevant for any other scripts.  

- Get-PingCastle
- New-LogEntry
- Set-Translation
- Write-DebugMessage
- Rename-ThroughTranslation  
- Set-GpttmplSID  
  
### module-fileHandling  

Contains functions related to file manipulation (xml, json, ...).  

- Convert-GpoPreferencesXml  
- Convert-MigrationTable  
- Format-XMLData  
- Format-XMLFile  
- Import-Ini  
- Set-LapsScripts  
- Set-LocAdmTaskScripts
  
### module-activeDirectory  

Contains functions related to Active Directory objects.  

- Add-GroupsOverDomain  
- Add-ManagerToEA  
- Add-SourceToDestGrps  
- Get-GroupNameFromSID  
- Import-WmiFilters  
- Install-LAPS  
- New-ADDExtendedRightMap  
- New-ADDGuidMap  
- New-AdministrationAccounts  
- New-AdministrationGroups  
- New-GpoObject  
- New-M365OrganizationalUnits  
- Push-DelegationModel  
- Reset-GroupMembership  
- Set-ADFunctionalLevel  
- Set-ADRecycleBin  
- Set-DefaultObjectLocation  
- Set-HardenACL  
- Set-HardenSDDL  
- Set-LapsPermissions  
- Set-msDSMachineAccountQuota  
- Set-SiteLinkNotify  
- Set-TreeOU

### module-systemInternals  

Contains functions related to Windows Server.  

- New-ScheduleTasks  
- Set-GpoCentralStore  
- Set-TSLocalAdminGroups  
  
## **FUNCTIONS**  

### Function **New-GpoObject**  

Updated to version 2.3, the function is now able to dynamically position a GPO' group to the proper OU (ex. "ou=Deny,ou=GPO" when this is a deny group).  

### Function ***Set-ADFunctionalLevel**

Updated to version 2.0, the function is now ready for compatibility with the Windows Server 2025 functional level.

### Function **Install-LAPS**  

The function now return "CANCEL!" as result status if the user is not Schema Admins or the DC is not the Schema owner; the log gives the cancelation reason in main log file (HardenAD_Results.log). Example:  
`2024/07/26 13:44:29 [INFO] NEW TASK: Update Ad schema for LAPS and deploy PShell tools`  
`2024/07/26 13:44:29 [DBUG] --- ----: Calling function Install-Laps with parameters ForceDcIsSchemaOwner`  
`2024/07/26 13:44:30 [DBUG] --- ----: function's ended`  
`2024/07/26 13:44:30 [DBUG] --- ----: TaskID     = 134`  
`2024/07/26 13:44:30 [DBUG] --- ----: TaskName   = Update Ad schema for LAPS and deploy PShell tools`  
`2024/07/26 13:44:30 [DBUG] --- ----: TaskResult = cancel!`  
`2024/07/26 13:44:30 [DBUG] --- ----: Message    = The user is not a Schema Admins`  
  
### Function **Set-DefaultObjectLocation**  

The function now handles dynamic variable interpretation for the OU path. The sequence *070* and *071* are updated to reflect this change in the file *tasksSequence_HardenAD.xml*.
  
### Function **Set-TreeOU**  

The function has been rewritten to manage dynamic naming. Through this new code, it will be possible to name the target OU in the translate section directly.  
this release has replaced the static name per its corresponding dynamic name.  

### Function **Rename-ThroughTranslation**  

A new function that allow to request a string translation through the **translation** section in *TasksSequence_hardenAD.xml*. This function is also able to translate dynamic reference in the TranslateTo parameter.
  
### Function **Set-GpttmplSID**  

A new function which will modify a gptTmp.inf file, hunting for specific SID to replace with the new ones from the target domain. This first release use a static array as referal, included in the function and a call to the **translation** contents to retrieve the new SID.

## GPO

### HAD-TS-Local-admins-groups

The scripts within the GPO were using the same log outputs, hence overwritting themselves. The log output has been rewritten.  
The GPO Tasks Schedules have been switched from Replace to Update as trigger, avoiding a replacement every 5 minutes.  

## **FOLDER**

### Tools  

The tools folder is now emphased with 3 new sub-folders:  

- **Scripts Fix** contains routines to quickly resolve issue or bugs prior to a quick fix edition.  
- **Scripts Import** contains routines to quickly import custom data to the configuration files.  
- **Scripts Manage** contains routines to perform maintenance tasks.  
  
The existing scripts has been moved to this new structure, or simply removed. The *KeePass-2.48.1* and *invoke-HardenADGui* folders remains in place.
  
### Documentation  

This is a new folder intended to add script documentation (markdownb formated). Contains release notes and official documentation (as this one):  

- Annexes:  

> - Annexe-DynamicVariableList.md: contains list of variable that can be called through the translation table (i.e. using %variable%). Writting in progress (description part).  
> - Annexe-Tools.md: contains tools list and usage description.  
  
- Release Update Logs:  

> - v2.9.9.md: this file.  
